A- Login 
1-Verify if a user will be able to login with a valid username and valid password.	positive
2-Verify the ‘Forgot Password’ functionality	positive
3-Verify the messages for invalid login.	positive
4-Verify the ‘Remember Me’ functionality	positive
5-Verify if the data in password field is either visible as asterisk or bullet signs.	positive
6-Verify if a user is able to login with a new password only after he/she has changed the password.	positive
7-Verify if the login page allows to log in simultaneously with different credentials in a different browse	positive
8-Verify the time taken to log in with a valid username and password.	positive
9-Verify if a user cannot login with a valid username and an invalid password	negative
10-Verify if a user should be able to login with the same credentials in different browsers at the same time.	positive
11-Verify if a user cannot enter the characters more than the specified range in each field (Username and Password).	posititve
12-Enter the valid email address & click next. Verify if the user gets an option to enter the password.
13-"Don’t enter an email address or phone number & just click the Next button. Verify if the user will get the correct
 message or if the blank field will get highlighted."
14-Enter the invalid email address & click the Next button. Verify if the user will get the correct message.
15-Enter an invalid phone number & click the Next button. Verify if the user will get the correct message.
16-Verify if a user can log in with a valid email address and password.
17-Verify if a user can log in with a valid phone number and password.
18-Verify if a user cannot log in with a valid phone number and an invalid password.
19-Verify if a user cannot log in with a valid email address and a wrong password.
20-Verify the ‘Forgot email’ functionality.
21-Verify the ‘Forgot password’ functionality.

B-Registeration
1- Verify the messages for each mandatory field.
2- Verify if the user cannot proceed without filling all the mandatory fields.
3- Verify the age of the user when the DOB is selected.
4- Verify if the numbers and special characters are not allowed in the First and Last name.
5- Verify if a user can sign-up successfully with all the mandatory details.
6- Verify if a user can log in with the valid details.
7- Verify if the Password and Confirm Password fields are accepting similar strings only.
8- Verify if the Password field will prompt you for the weak passwords.
9- Verify if duplicate email address will not get assigned.
10- Verify that hints are provided for each field on the form, for the ease of use.


c- Cart checkout

